README.md, before:

# Data Findings (Apple App Store Games)
### By Vikneshwarar


## INSTALLATION:
There should be no necessary libraries to run the code here beyond the Anaconda distribution of Python. The code should run with no issues using Python versions 3.*

## PROJECT MOTIVATION:
In this project Apple App Store Games data set were chosen for the data exploration and explanatory purpose. It include every steps that are follwed by the data analys from gathering the data from site to asssesing then cleaning the data to make it tidy for easy exploration and then from the exploratory vizualization were done.

The Data set contains the data of about 17007 strategy games entries for the year 2019, there were more than 100' s of question that can be asked from this data set but i have included only 3 main questions from the data which i feel would be everyone's else question:

- Which Genre of Games are performing well in the App Store?
- A comparision between Paid vs Free Games
- Last but not the least - The Games with High ratings in the App Store

## GATHERING DATA:

- gathering data from site: https://www.kaggle.com/tristan581/17k-apple-app-store-strategy-games
- imported using pandas functions

## Cleaning Data:
- Several quality and tidiness issues which were their in the datasets were dealed properly.

## Exploration and Explanatory Analysis:
  Various Plots were used to analyse the data sets and based on the exploratory analysis explanatory analysis were then made

## SUMMARY OF THE FINDINGS:

- The Games under the Strategy Genre are performing well in the App Store
- As Expected Free Games got most reviews and ratings than the Paid Games.
- Clash of Clans is the Highest Rated Game in the App Store.

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements
Credit is given to the Kaggle for the Dataset. For license purpose please see to its website.

Commit message:

Medium link has been added

README.md, after:

# Data Findings (Apple App Store Games)
### By Vikneshwarar

Here is the Link to my Medium Blog on this Analysis:
https://medium.com/@vickywarar/are-you-a-mobile-gamer-9b5ec505c655

## INSTALLATION:
There should be no necessary libraries to run the code here beyond the Anaconda distribution of Python. The code should run with no issues using Python versions 3.*

## PROJECT MOTIVATION:
In this project Apple App Store Games data set were chosen for the data exploration and explanatory purpose. It include every steps that are follwed by the data analys from gathering the data from site to asssesing then cleaning the data to make it tidy for easy exploration and then from the exploratory vizualization were done.

The Data set contains the data of about 17007 strategy games entries for the year 2019, there were more than 100' s of question that can be asked from this data set but i have included only 3 main questions from the data which i feel would be everyone's else question:

- Which Genre of Games are performing well in the App Store?
- A comparision between Paid vs Free Games
- Last but not the least - The Games with High ratings in the App Store

## GATHERING DATA:

- gathering data from site: https://www.kaggle.com/tristan581/17k-apple-app-store-strategy-games
- imported using pandas functions

## Cleaning Data:
- Several quality and tidiness issues which were their in the datasets were dealed properly.

## Exploration and Explanatory Analysis:
  Various Plots were used to analyse the data sets and based on the exploratory analysis explanatory analysis were then made

## SUMMARY OF THE FINDINGS:

- The Games under the Strategy Genre are performing well in the App Store
- As Expected Free Games got most reviews and ratings than the Paid Games.
- Clash of Clans is the Highest Rated Game in the App Store.

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements
Credit is given to the Kaggle for the Dataset. For license purpose please see to its website.
